docs: align Terraform tutorial to UI structure (#10192)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/tutorials/clusters/cluster-templates/standardize-clusters-with-cluster-templates-terraform.md

tags: ["cluster templates", "tutorial", "terraform", "profiles", "aws", "azure"]
---

<PartialsComponent category="cluster-templates" name="intro" />

> In this tutorial, you will:

Reviewer: Shouldn't all the intro section be included in the partial? (I mean everything before Prerequisites)

- Create a cluster profile, a cluster template policy, and a cluster template that uses them together

> - Deploy two clusters (`dev` and `prod`) from the same template

Reviewer: I don't quite understand why monospace is used here for `dev` and `prod`. In other parts of the tutorial they are not written with monospace.

Author: ```suggestion
- Deploy two clusters (dev and prod) from the same template
```

}
```

## Deploy Clusters from the Template

> Deploy a dev cluster and a prod cluster from the cluster template, using profile variables to apply environment-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy a dev cluster and a prod cluster from `tf-cluster-template-aws`, using profile variables to apply environment-specific
```
Maybe? To make it correspond [Standardize Clusters using the Palette UI](https://deploy-preview-10192--docs-spectrocloud.netlify.app/tutorials/clusters/cluster-templates/standardize-clusters-with-cluster-templates-ui/):

<img width="901" height="105" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/10346428-0486-4f1f-bffd-4e7f092f6a6f" />
